Calendar demos: Add description of the 'showWeekNumbers' property (#2028)
DevExpress/devextreme-demos: JSDemos/Demos/Calendar/Overview/Angular/description.md

If you need to disable specific dates, use the [disabledDates](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxCalendar/Configuration/#disabledDates) property. Toggle the "Disable weekend" checkbox to see how this setting affects the component's behavior. You can specify either an array of predefined dates or a function that determines whether a date is available.

## Specify First Day of Week and Display Week Numbers

> To specify the first day of the week, set the [firstDayOfWeek](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxCalendar/Configuration/#firstDayOfWeek) property to its index (0 - for Sunday, 1 - for Monday, and so on). You can also display a column of the week numbers. For this, enable the [showWeekNumbers](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxCalendar/Configuration/#showWeekNumbers) property.

Reviewer: "its" may refer to the property in your variant.

```suggestion
To specify the first day of the week, assign its index (0 - for Sunday, 1 - for Monday, and so on) to the [firstDayOfWeek](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxCalendar/Configuration/#firstDayOfWeek) property. You can also display a column with week numbers. For this, enable the [showWeekNumbers](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxCalendar/Configuration/#showWeekNumbers) property.
```

## Handle Value Change

> 

Reviewer 2: Please make the following change to the line below.

Line 27:
Please remove the extra space at the end of the first sentence (before the period).
